chore: clarity on Enterprise vs. Core (#5763)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/shared/v3-core-get-started/_index.md

# 
{{% note %}}

> InfluxDB 3 Core is tailored for real-time data monitoring and recent data. InfluxDB 3 Enterprise builds on top of Core with support for historical data querying, high availability, read replicas, and more. It will soon enable enhanced security, row-level deletions, an administration UI, and additional features. You can learn more about InfluxDB 3 Enterprise [here](/influxdb3/enterprise/get-started/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
InfluxDB 3 Core is tailored for real-time data monitoring and recent data.
InfluxDB 3 Enterprise builds on Core and brings support for historical data querying, high availability, read replicas, and more. 
Additional planned features include enhanced security, row-level deletions, and an administration UI.
See [InfluxDB 3 Enterprise](/influxdb3/enterprise/get-started/) for more information.
```
